docs(replica): offline replica rebuilding (#1094)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/advanced-resources/rebuilding/offline-replica-rebuilding.md

---
title: Offline Replica Rebuilding
weight: 5
---

Starting with v1.9.0, Longhorn supports offline replica rebuilding, allowing degraded volumes to automatically rebuild replicas while detached.​

## Global Setting `offline-replica-rebuilding`

- When enabled, Longhorn automatically initiates offline rebuilding for eligible volumes.​

> - For more information, see [settings](../../../references/settings#offline-replica-rebuilding)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more information, see [settings](../../../references/settings#offline-replica-rebuilding).
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

## Per-Volume Override

> - Each volume can override the global setting via Longhorn UI to update the volume `Offline Replica Rebuilding` or the command `kubectl -n longhorn-system edit volume [volume-name]` to update `Spec.OfflineRebuilding` field.
> - If set to `enabled` or `disabled`, this per-volume setting takes precedence over the global configuration.​ Default is `ignored`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can override the global `Offline Replica Rebuilding` setting for each volume individually using the Longhorn UI or by running `kubectl -n longhorn-system edit volume [volume-name]` and modifying the `Spec.OfflineRebuilding` field.
- When set to `enabled` or `disabled`, this per-volume setting takes precedence over the global configuration. The default value is `ignored`.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

| Global Setting (`offline-replica-rebuilding`) | Per-Volume Setting (`spec.offlineRebuilding`) | Offline Rebuilding Enabled |
| :-------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :------------------------: |
| `true`                                        | `ignored`                                     | Yes                        |
| `false`                                       | `ignored`                                     | No                         |
| `true`                                        | `enabled`                                     | Yes                        |
| `false`                                       | `enabled`                                     | Yes                        |
| `true`                                        | `disabled`                                    | No                         |
| `false`                                       | `disabled`                                    | No                         |

## Rebuilding Process

> - When triggered, Longhorn attaches the volume without activating the frontend, rebuilds the missing replicas, and then detaches the volume upon completion.​
> - The process can be preempted when the workload scales up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When triggered, Longhorn attaches the volume without activating the frontend, rebuilds any missing replicas, and then detaches the volume upon completion.
- This process can be interrupted if the workload scales up.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.
